Fix PHP performance monitoring guides (#4637)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/php/guides/laravel/performance/connect-services.mdx

---
title: Connect Services
sidebar_order: 40
description: "Learn how to connect backend and frontend transactions."
---

If you are also using Performance Monitoring for [JavaScript](/platforms/javascript/performance/) you can use a helper function to continue the trace started from your backend in order to [connect services](/platforms/javascript/performance/connect-services/#navigation-and-other-xhr-requests).

> Add the following line to your blade template rendering the `<head/>` of your page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following line to your blade template rendering the `<head/>` of your page:
```

```php {filename:app.blade.php}
<head>
...
{!! \Sentry\Laravel\Integration::sentryTracingMeta() !!}
...
</head>
```

> This helper function will render a meta tag similar to this `<meta name="sentry-trace" content="49879feb76c84743ba5034bd2d3f1ca3-7cb5535c930d4666-1"/>` which our JS SDK will pick up and continue the trace. Therefore your frontend and your backend are connected via the same trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helper function will render a meta tag similar to this `<meta name="sentry-trace" content="49879feb76c84743ba5034bd2d3f1ca3-7cb5535c930d4666-1"/>`, which our JavaScript SDK will pick up and continue the trace. Therefore, your frontend and your backend are connected by way of the same trace.
```

> Otherwise other backend services with Performance Monitoring will connect automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, other backend services with Performance Monitoring will connect automatically.
```
